A Christmas Story
	You wake up to the blaring of your alarm [noun]. 7:00 A.M., exactly the time you set it to. You spent the entire night studying for your final in [noun] and only managed to get 4 hour(s) of sleep. You [verb] out of your bed, get dressed, making sure not to forget your jacket, and head on over to the UC for breakfast. You walk up the stairs and open the doors to the main entrance of the UC, and notice the 30 foot tall Christmas tree standing in front of you. The tree is garnished with tinsel, popcorn, and ornaments, and at the very top, you notice the statue of a(n) [noun]. You usually treat Christmas with apathy, though this tree is truly a site to behold and puts you in a [adverb] [adjective] mood, despite being anxious over your final that you’re going to take in less than an hour. You [verb] on over to the marketplace, and notice the students and employees wearing their Santa Hats and Christmas clothing. As you stand in line to order your breakfast burrito, you notice that that are less people than usual; you figure most people are already on break, those [adjective] ducks. After you finish ordering, you notice that the dessert place has special Christmas desserts, one in particular catches your eye. You grab your breakfast burrito and Christmas cookie, and start to [adverb] chow down on them. After you finish eating, you head on to your class, and see some of your classmates heading in the opposite direction of you, with [adjective] smiles on their faces. You check your phone and see that class is going to start in five minutes, so you wonder what’s up, but you don’t want to be late to your final, so you ignore it and continue on your way. When you arrive, the only person there is professor X, sitting at their desk, reading some papers. Professor X looks up from the papers; 
“Ah, hello John.” 
You ask why there’s no one here.
 “Well,  	I had prepared a final for you all, and was waiting until this morning to print them out, but unfortunately, the word files I used to make the test somehow got corrupted, and there wasn’t enough time to [verb] up another one. Normally I would just reschedule the final, but seeing as today is the last day for finals, I’ve decided that the finals will have to be canceled.” 
You ask about what’s goings to happen to everyone’s grade.
“Well, seeing as nearly everyone taking the class has been working really hard, and almost all of you scored really well on the pre-test; I’ve decided to give everyone A’s for the final.”
You stand there for a second, dumbfounded. Is this really happening? You[verb] yourself to make sure it isn’t a dream; it isn’t. Your mind is racing, and you feel [adjective], but the only words that manage to come out of your mouth are “Thank you, Professor X.” He smiles and nods. You start to head out, but Professor X stops you.
“Hey, John.  Merry Christmas.”
You wish him well. It seems Christmas came early for you this year. 
