Best Day Ever at UOP

	Let me tell you the story of my best day here at the University. So, one day, in my first year here at UOP, I was heading over to the UC to get a breakfast burrito before math class.
 I love the breakfast burritos here, I usually get mine with eggs, potatoes, and chicken, so tasty. Anyway, after getting my breakfast burrito, I sat down and started munching away, thinking about
 what I would do for the rest of the day. It was then that I suddenly remembered there was a test scheduled for math class, and I had completely forgotten to study for it. I panicked. I briefly 
considered   just skipping the class and making up some weak excuse, saying I was sick or something.   So, I gobbled up the rest of my breakfast burrito and rushed to class, hoping to get in a 
few extra minutes of study time. I ran furiously towards my next class, almost pushing over a poor student on my way there. However, when I arrived, the class was completely empty. I gazed
 upon the clock, and it was 10 minutes til’; so where was everyone? I checked my phone to confirm the time; it was accurate. So I waited in class for a short while, but no one came; so I checked
 my iPhone, and saw an e-mail sent last night that said class was canceled, and that the test would be pushed back to next class. I started dancing the Macarena, I was so happy. The rest of my
 day was free, so I decided this would be as good a time as any to study math at the Library. After a few hours of studying, I felt really confident that I knew the material, so I packed up my 
things and headed out the door, but as I was leaving, one of the members of Theta Chi from my math class came up to me. “Hey, you’re Jack, right? Do you want to go to a party later today?” 
I had nothing better to do, so I agreed to their invitation. That party was one of the best parties I’ve ever been to, and I made some friends with people I probably would never have got the
chance to meet otherwise. I still look back on that day, feeling delight, it’s day I will always remember.     